Okay, Max, here are the paint
chips for our new dessert bar.
Don't eat them.
This isn't your childhood.
These are all pink.
You want the walls
of our bar to be all pink?
It'll be the first time
someone drinks
after they enter a vagina.
Oh, hey--
no vagina in the dina.
Or your apartment.
Ever.
You know,
this isn't Hooters.
The v-bomb isn't usually batted
around the workplace.
Speaking of batting
things around,
our cat wants you
to come over again.
Yesterday you said your cat
was too cool to
hang out with me.
So which is it?
'Cause I am free tonight.
(Peter Bjorn and John)
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
[cash register bell dings]
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
Hey, everybody!
You know what today is?
I hope it ain't the 15th,
'cause that means
I missed dialysis.
No, I'm 20 weeks preggers.
And it's time for Oleg and I
to choose the godparents.
You know, it's
an old Polish tradition.
Like pierogies
and public hangings.
Godparents?
God didn't even give me
parents-parents.
He just gave me some lady that
took me home from the hospital
in a Blockbuster Video bag.
It's a big decision.
You have to pick a couple who
would raise the child
with your beliefs
and values.
And Hugh Hefner
and whoever he's banging
already said no.
Yeah, so I'm making a list.
But Oleg doesn't
want anyone in prison.
You know, so that knocks out
most of the women in my family.
You know, you guys
could also have
these conversations at home.
But this counter is where
they made the baby.
Hey, Earl.
Oh, good, I need
somebody strong.
Uh, would you carry
this over there,
put some coffee in it,
and bring it back to me?
I'll hot this up
in a second.
Just let me hot
this one up first.
What're you doing here?
I know you don't
like me to bother you
during your free time,
but I missed you.
And I want to tell you
something in person.
Well, whatever it is,
I probably have it too.
And I probably had it first.
It's not that.
But now I'm worried.
No, I met with this
law firm in Manhattan,
and they want to
make me a partner.
They're making you a partner?
Well, then they're
gonna catch it too.
So, Randy,
you really are a lawyer?
I thought you just played
lawyers in gay porn.
Thanks.
I will tell my trainer.
He was in gay porn.
Hey, Buzz Lightyear,
I'm still waiting
for that coffee.
All right, well,
I'll be in my booth
working on
my godparent list.
And whoever we pick should be
like one of those
perfect families on TV like,
well, the Brady's,
and the Huxtables...
Or, you know what?
Scratch that last one.
Wow, if you're considering
moving to New York,
it must be a pretty good job.
Well, there's a couple
other reasons.
The bagels.
I have tickets to
Hamilton in seven years.
And there's this girl here
I kind of like.
Who is she?
I'll kill her.
So two of the partners want to
take me out tomorrow night
to some fancy private dinner
at someplace called Beak.
(gasps)
You're going to Beak?
It's hidden away
in a private apartment,
practically under
the Williamsburg Bridge,
so you pretty much
have to walk.
How awful
and chic is that?
I read in Time Out that
that place is so exclusive,
it's technically not
even a restaurant.
Big deal.
This diner gets called
"not a restaurant" all the time.
Hey, did they tell you
to just bring Max,
or was it more of
a "bring whoever"?
-Um...
-I'll take that as a yes.
I'd love to join you
at Beak tomorrow night.
How could I say no to Beak?
It's spring,
so that's peak Beak.
(laughs)
So you want to go?
Want to be my date?
Nah, pass.
Fancy restaurants are one of
the three things I don't do.
You know the other two.
Didn't we blow past
those week one?
Max, are you crazy?
Why, is one of my pupils
getting all small?
It happens now.
I don't know why.
What was that out there?
"Nah, pass."
Randy's not just asking you
to dinner-dinner.
This isn't about food.
It's about your
future together.
He's moving here for you.
You just
"naw pass"-ed on Randy.
Weird, I didn't love your
impression the first time,
but I loved it the second.
Randy's moving here
for a job.
This dinner isn't about
some law partners.
It's about you
and him as partners.
Do you hear words I don't?
You're going to that dinner,
young lady, end of discussion.
Oh, that was so mom-ish!
I wouldn't know.
I've never met one.
(knocking)
Oh, good, this is it.
We knocked on another
apartment door,
but the only thing they
were cooking was meth.
We walked across
a bridge for this?
This is basically my apartment,
except our wild birds are alive.
Randy, you made it.
And I mean, you made it
because you're eating at Beak.
I mean, the wait list
here is longer
than an episode
of HBO's Vinyl.
Max, this is Marissa,
one of the partners.
Marissa, this is Max.
She's my girlfriend.
Max?
Cute.
Is that short for Maxine?
Technically,
it's long for "meh."
Sorry, I don't get it.
Probably because
of the Klonopin I had to take
when that homeless man tried
to talk to me on the way in.
Uh, Max, this is Leila,
another partner at the firm,
and her wife, Lei.
She's not just my wife.
She's also a star on Instagram.
See? I talk about
your accomplishments.
I put wigs on statues
and then photograph them
from behind.
That's it?
That's it.
LEILA: Max...
are you a lawyer too?
Uh, no, but I presided over
a food court or two in my day.
Max and her partner, Caroline,
are in the process
of opening a dessert bar.
And I don't mean "partner"
in the romantic sense.
I've got that
department covered.
Well, welcome,
Randy and Max.
You know, I've been
hoping to add another
straight couple
to the law firm mix,
but, you know, they're
so hard to find nowadays.
Lei and I met on an
Orange is the New Black
message board.
It's kind of become
the lesbian Tinder.
Uh, Randy,
wasn't there rumor of a third?
Oh, I keep pitching that,
but he "likes me too much."
Again,
don't quite get it.
Little hazy.
Well, I'll have to tell
the chef he's preparing
oyster foam for six.
I'm sorry, "oyster foam"?
Foam from an oyster?
That sounds delicious.
I know your idea of fine dining
is a ham and cheese Hot Pocket,
but I am really glad
you came.
Oh, here's Lenin.
Um, Randy, Max,
this is Lenin.
He's the chef.
And my lover.
We have sex too.
Lei and I are "post sex."
All intimacy,
no penetration.
I'll be serving a meal of
seven bird-themed courses,
each one it's own unique
flight of fancy.
Not my words, a very giggly
Anderson Cooper.
Now, before we begin,
do either of you
have any food allergies?
Just one: birds.
I don't get her, either.
Let's all sit.
Max.
Why do you want me to
sit that far from the table?
That's me being polite.
You are in
for such a treat.
Lenin is a real artist.
He spends all day
making these teeny-tiny,
delicate little meals,
which is why I pay our rent.
Our first course
is a French delicacy.
The Ortolan Bunting bird,
roasted and eaten whole.
Just grasp the bird by its head
and start eating at the feet.
Enjoy.
Obviously.
Can't wait to get that
bird foot in my mouth.
How's the baby pigeon
and oyster foam, Max?
Oh, delicious.
It's amazing how full
babies can make you.
RANDY: No, Lei,
way too many photos
of me eating foam.
Like a rabid dog.
(knocking)
Oh, good.
This is it.
The guy who opened
the other apartment door
wasn't wearing pants.
Or underwear.
Or was circumcised.
Hi!
I'm here.
What did I miss?
The point of literally every
movie we see together.
Marissa, this is Caroline,
Max's business partner.
She texted she was coming.
She's usually not covered
in this much sweat.
Sorry, I had to run
across the bridge,
'cause you need a credit card
for one of those city bikes.
Um, if I had a credit card,
why would I be riding
a damn bike?
I'm at Beak.
I'm trendy again!
Fifth course.
Tiny poached noisy scrubbird
with fiddle ferns
and fermented egg.
Oh, that sounds so gross.
I bet it's great.
Max, eat.
I sure will.
When I used to watch
Tweety Bird,
all I could think was,
"God, that looks delicious."
You're doing great.
Who wants some more wine?
I'm guessing Max.
I can't believe we're here,
eating the finest--
what'd he say this was?
Blue jay?
Aren't you proud of me?
I got through
the first four courses.
That's more courses than
I finished in high school.
Oh, look at this pretentious,
deliberately relaxed
large napkin.
Love it and hate it.
What is that?
This first four courses!
I cheated,
like in high school!
I couldn't eat it;
it's gross.
No, gross is when you
hand the guy at Del Taco
65 cents and tell him
to surprise you.
You are judging me
for not eating most of my
Saturday morning
cartoon lineup?
You want to chomp down on
Foghorn Leghorn?
When a great guy like Randy
is moving to New York for you,
yes, you have to eat
your childhood favorites!
Anyone like to come see
the de-spining
of the tiny trumpeter bird?
This could push me over
a million followers.
I can't eat that, Caroline.
And I have nowhere to put it
My bra is at crazy capacity.
The fire marshal almost
kicked out my left boob.
Why can't you just try it?
You've had worse things
in your mouth.
He's moving here
to be with you.
He's moving here for a job.
Look, whatever comes next,
just put it in your mouth
and eat it.
Well, I did not know
the bird was gonna be alive.
Worst part?
Making eye contact.
Creamed kimchi
and pelican tongue
with Asian pear.
LENIN: Enjoy.
The least you can do
is swallow a little tongue.
Tongue swallowing?
Foam?
This isn't a restaurant;
it's a heroin overdose.
I love you.
Good for you, Max!
This is real growth.
Is it bad I feel like the
tongue is tasting me back?
Max, you look sweaty.
Like when you try
to do math.
I think that tongue
is looking for an exit.
Randy, we're really excited
for you to come work for us.
How fast can you move
to New York?
Not as fast as I have to
get to that bathroom.
Excuse us,
we have to go to the
little sparrow's room.
Nope, it's cool,
false alarm.
Nope, real alarm.
Very real alarm.
-Should I come in with you?
-No!
Even I don't want to
go in there!
I doubt this door is
soundproof, so talk loud.
Just start with
your normal volume,
and then dial it
down a notch.
Oh, Marissa!
You have to tell me where you
found these fabulous glasses.
Restoration Hardware?
Crate and Barrel?
CAROLINE: Restoration Hardware
Modern?
West Elm?
CB2?
CB3?
Is there one of those yet?
-(vomiting)
-You know what?
Let's get some music going!
Like some really loud dubstep,
'cause I'm running
out of breath.
Oh, there's no music
allowed here.
It would get in the way of
hearing the symphony of taste.
Not my words.
Okay,
they were my words.
I think I'd like
to make a toast.
Oh, no, please don't
make a toast.
I've begun not to like you.
Seriously, Lenin.
Not even a little
light piano?
You don't need to reinvent
the freaking wheel here.
Hey, Caroline, please.
Just sit.
You know what, I see if
I have another Klonopin.
-I'm fine.
-It's not for you.
Caroline.
Should I go in there?
'Cause I am not hearing
the standard
tinkle and a hand wash.
No, don't move.
Stay there.
That noise is just the pipes
backing up a little.
Well, a lot.
CAROLINE: Oh, Lord!
They're young.
(chuckles)
My camera needs
to be in there.
Enough with the camera!
I'm alive!
(knocking)
Max.
Where are you going?
Anywhere but here!
RANDY: Max, seriously!
(knocking)
What's going on in there?
CAROLINE:
Everything's okay in here!
We'll be out in a minute.
RANDY: If you're not gonna
let me in, at least--
Max!
Wait up!
You don't have to be
embarrassed in front of me.
I've seen worse.
Okay, no I haven't.
Just go away!
I can't take
that sad look.
It's the same look
you gave Chestnut
that time he crapped
on the couch.
I'm fine alone;
you didn't have to leave.
No, I did.
They couldn't possibly
think one person
was responsible for all that.
Plus, I don't want
to leave you.
You're sick.
I think it's beyond sick.
I lost bone mass in there.
My shoes are too big now.
I'm so embarrassed!
Hey, it happens.
You got a stomach ache.
You're just not
used to rich food.
I'm not used to
rich anything.
And if this is Randy's world--
uh, bird bones
and pretentious people--
then maybe my body is
telling me I can't take it.
Max, if I got used to buying
earrings at the AMPM,
you can get used to fancy food
and pretentious people.
You don't get it!
He is moving here for me.
Oh, do you think so?
I wish your best friend
had been telling you that
for two days.
He's moving his whole life.
I don't know how
to do that.
I didn't even know how to react
when he moved my chair for me.
You were right,
it's not about the food;
it's about our future,
and I just vomited
all over our future.
What?
I hate to say this,
but you need a mint.
Sorry, I love you,
I need to disappear.
What do you think
of the name Sheila Newman?
Max!
Randy.
Great, just in time
to see me jump.
What happened?
Where'd you go?
Oh, I jumped on
that bike so fast,
my man parts are no
longer talking to me.
She didn't want to be
sick in front of you.
You got sick?
Okay, fine,
we all heard it.
But why did you leave
without saying something?
Because words were
the only thing
not coming out
of my mouth.
Max?
You're not gonna
look at me?
I can't.
Wait, here.
Now she can.
You better get back there.
I don't want you
to lose that job.
I don't want that job.
I don't know how many more
pills Marissa took,
but she passed out
in a pot of clam steam.
I missed clam steam?
I've been reading about
his clam steam.
Please stop saying
"clam steam."
I can actually
smell the words.
Okay, Max.
You are starting
to turn green again,
so why don't you hop on,
and I will ride you home
on my bicycle
like a real man.
I don't know, Randy.
A lot of stuff came up
for me at that dinner.
And I'm not just
talking about
every single thing
I ate this year.
I mean, maybe I'm
not right for you.
Hey.
Don't be so hard on yourself
about tonight.
I mean, look at me.
I'm not brave enough
to eat in that diner.
Come here, you.
Maybe wait another
60 seconds.
I think we are different.
But we kind of go together.
Like peppered baby bird
bladder and pesto.
Oh, no.
Oh, my God.
That's gonna do it!
Wrong night to be
driving a convertible.
Oh, wait--
no, no, no, no, no, no.
(both laugh)
So how's your first
diner burger?
It's not bad.
I'm getting
a little something.
Um...mesquite?
Yeah, they die in the fan
and then fall on the grill.
I'll take mosquito burger
over pelican any day.
Interesting, Randy.
You get two waitresses
paying attention to you
and most people get none.
Like that one over there,
over there,
and that gentleman over there
who's just giving up
and leaving.
Fine, Han, we will
go over to the counter
and continue to talk.
I know I say a lot
of stuff about you,
especially to your face,
but thank you for your
help last night.
I know you would have done
the same thing for me.
But if I ever get that sick,
you have my permission
to kill me.
I mean, when you went into that
toilet, looking for my earring,
I knew I had found
my post-sex partner.
SOPHIE: You did that for her?
Wow!
And all this time,
we've been looking for
the perfect couple
to be godparents,
and they're right
under our noses.
Girl-on-girl godparents.
I like it.
You two girls are gonna
be great with the baby.
SOPHIE: I mean, Caroline,
you were elbow-deep
in Max's upchuck.
I mean, I wouldn't even
do that for my own father
when he swallowed
all those bees.
Wow, Sophie,
this is such a huge compliment.
Tucked away in a terrible
personal memory.
Well, if something would
ever happen to us,
let Max do
the breast feeding.
'Cause, yeah, I don't want
the kid to starve.
This is exciting!
Randy,
I'm gonna be a godfather.
And equally as exciting,
I'm gonna be climbing out
of that bathroom window
in about two minutes.
(cash register dings)